{"en":"Mentally,  at least,  most of us could compile formidable lists of 'dos' and 'don'ts'. ^ ","ch":"至少在大多数人的心里会编排出一份“应做什么”和“不应做什么”的令人生畏的单子。  "}
{"en":"The same old favorites recur year in year out with monotonous regularity. ^ ","ch":"相同的决心以单调的规律年复一年地出现。  "}
{"en":"We resolve to get up earlier each morning,  eat less, ^ ","ch":"我们决心每天早晨起得早些；吃得少些； "}
{"en":"find more time to play with the children,  do a thousand and one jobs about the house, ^ ","ch":"多花点时间与孩子们一起做游戏；做大量的家务； "}
{"en":"be nice to people we don't like,  drive carefully,  and take the dog for a walk every day. ^ ","ch":"对不喜欢的人友善一些；小心驾车；每天都要带着狗散步；等等。  "}
{"en":"Past experience has taught us that certain accomplishments are beyond attainment. ^ ","ch":"以往的经验告诉我们有些事是办不到的。  "}
{"en":"If we remain inveterate smokers,  it is only because we have so often experienced the frustration that results from failure. ^ ","ch":"如果我们烟瘾大， 戒不掉， 那是因为屡戒屡败， 失去了信心。  "}
{"en":"Most of us fail in our efforts at self-improvement because our schemes are too ambitious and we never have time to carry them out. ^ ","ch":"我们大多数人想自我完善却遭到失败， 这是因为我们的规划过于宏大， 而又根本没有时间去实施。  "}
{"en":"We also make the fundamental error of announcing our resolutions to everybody^ ","ch":"我们还犯有一个根本性的错误， 即把我们的决心向大家宣布。  "}
{"en":"so that we look even more foolish when we slip back into our bad old ways. ^ ","ch":"这样一旦滑回到那些老习惯上去， 我们在别人的眼里会显得更加难堪。  "}
{"en":"Aware of these pitfalls,  this year I attempted to keep my resolutions to myself. ^ ","ch":"我深知这些问题， 于是， 今年我对自己的计划要严加保密，  "}
{"en":"I limited myself to two modest ambitions:  to do physical exercise every morning and to read more of an evening. ^ ","ch":"只给自己定下两项适中的任务；每天早上锻炼身体， 每天晚上多看点书。  "}
{"en":"An all-night party on New Year's Eve provided me with a good excuse for not carrying out either of these new resolutions on the first day of the year, ^ ","ch":"新年除夕举办的一次通宵晚会， 使我理直气壮地在新年头一天免去了这两项任务。  "}
{"en":"but on the second,  I applied myself assiduously to the task. ^ ","ch":"不过， 新年第二天， 我全力以赴地照着去做了。  "}
{"en":"The daily exercises lasted only eleven minutes and I proposed to do them early in the morning before anyone had got up. ^ ","ch":"早锻炼一共只有11分钟， 我打算在别人起床之前进行。  "}
{"en":"The self-discipline required to drag myself out of bed eleven minutes earlier than usual was considerable. ^ ","ch":"这就要求我比平时早11分钟把自己从床上拽起来， 这种自我约束是很艰苦的。  "}
{"en":"Nevertheless,  I managed to creep down into the living room for two days before anyone found me out. ^ ","ch":"不过开头两天我还是成功地蹑手蹑脚地来到楼下起居室， 被谁也没发现。  "}
{"en":"After jumping about on the carpet and twisting the human frame into uncomfortable positions, ^ ","ch":"我在地毯上跳过来蹦过去， 扭曲身子， 摆出各种姿势， 弄得浑身不舒服，  "}
{"en":"I sat down at the breakfast table in an exhausted condition. ^ ","ch":"然后坐到桌边吃早饭， 一副筋疲力尽的样子。  "}
{"en":"The next morning the whole family trooped in to watch the performance. ^ ","ch":"第二天早晨全家人结队来到起居室看我表演。  "}
{"en":"That was really unsettling,  but I fended off the taunts and jibes of the family good-humouredly and soon everybody got used to the idea. ^ ","ch":"这真叫人不好意思， 但我心平气和地顶住了全家人的嘲笑和奚落。 不久， 大家对我习以为常了，  "}
{"en":"The time I spent at exercises gradually diminished. ^ ","ch":"我花在锻炼上的时间逐渐减少，  "}
{"en":"Little by little the eleven minutes fell to zero. ^ ","ch":"慢慢地从11分钟减到了零。  "}
{"en":"By January 10th,  I was back to where I had started from. ^ ","ch":"到了1月10日， 我恢复了原来的作息时间。  "}
{"en":"I argued that if I spent less time exhausting myself at exercises in the morning,  I would keep my mind fresh for reading when I got home from work. ^ ","ch":"我辩解说， 早晨少耗费精力锻炼， 晚上下班回家看书时头脑更清醒些。  "}
{"en":"Resisting the hypnotizing effect of television,  I sat in my room for a few evenings with my eyes glued to a book. ^ ","ch":"有几天晚上， 我极力摆脱了电视的诱惑， 坐在自己的房间里， 两眼盯在书上。  "}
{"en":"One night,  however,  feeling cold and lonely,  I went downstairs and sat in front of the television pretending to read. ^ ","ch":"可是， 有一天夜里， 我感到又冷又孤单， 便来到楼下坐在电视机前假装看书。  "}
{"en":"That proved to be my undoing,  for I soon got back to my old bad habit of dozing off in front of the screen. ^ ","ch":"这下我可完了， 因为不一会儿， 我就恢复了以前的坏习惯， 在屏幕前打起瞌睡来。  "}
{"en":"I still haven't given up my resolution to do more reading. ^ ","ch":"但我还没有放弃多看些书的决心。  "}
{"en":"In fact,  I have just bought a book entitled How to Read a Thousand Words a Minute. ^ ","ch":"事实上， 我刚买来一本叫《一分钟读一千字的诀窍》的书。  "}
{"en":"Perhaps it will solve my problem,  but I just haven't had time to read it! ^ ","ch":"也许这本书能解决我的问题， 但我一直还没时间去看这本书！  "}